README.md, before:

# qml-minecraft-launcher
A QML/Python-based Minecraft Launcher



![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/Copyright-All_Rights_Reserved-red) ![Target](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built_for-Butterium_Launcher-purple) ![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Private_Beta-orange)



## What is the QML Minecraft Launcher?

The QML Minecraft Launcher will act as a testing "basic" application that functions as an easy-to-use & modify Minecraft launcher for the **Butterium Client**.

## Roadmap

### **The Skeleton** 
- [ ] **Basic Window Setup**
- [ ] **Implement Sidebar & Tab Switching**
- [ ] **Basic Theming**

### **Main Functionality**
- [ ] **Ability to Start Minecraft**
- [ ] **Implement Instances (Navigation-Wise)**
- [ ] **Launch Button**
- [ ] **Create Instances List Menu**
- [ ] **Add Ability to Create & Delete Instances In-Client**
- [ ] **Give Instances the ability to be Pinned**
- [ ] **Download Functionality (Modrinth API Integration)**

### **Visual Cleanup**
- [ ] **Homepage setup… (Automatic Grabbing of Icon & Artwork Card for Background)
- [ ] **Theme Customization Page**

## Development Priorities
| Indicator | Level | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| ![P0](https://img.shields.io/badge/P0-Critical-red) | **Critical** | Core functionality required for the alpha release. |
| ![P1](https://img.shields.io/badge/P1-High-orange) | **High** | Important features to be added immediately after core stability. |
| ![P2](https://img.shields.io/badge/P2-Medium-yellow) | **Medium** | Quality of life improvements and secondary tools. |
| ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Low** | Polish, extra features, and "nice to haves". |

## Key Features
| Status | Priority | Feature | Description |
| :---: | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| ⬜ | ![P0](https://img.shields.io/badge/P0-Critical-red) | **Instanced Launching** | The user can install & modify multiple instances of Minecraft at once. |
| ⬜ | ![P1](https://img.shields.io/badge/P1-High-orange) | **Mod Installation** | Installing & toggling mods using the Modrinth API. |
| ⬜ | ![P2](https://img.shields.io/badge/P2-Medium-yellow) | **SpecEngine Integration** | Integration with SpecEngine and the Butterium modpack. |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **GitHub Integration** | Pull/push commits from developer forks of the main modpack. |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Customization Page** | • Skin Selector<br>• Themes<br>• BUTR Profile |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Discord RPC** | Showing the launcher status in Discord Rich Presence. |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Backup System** | Ability to reverse changes from the last 3 operations. |

Commit message:

Synced README from BUTR Studios

README.md, after:

# qml-minecraft-launcher
A QML/Python-based Minecraft Launcher



![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/Copyright-All_Rights_Reserved-red) ![Target](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built_for-Butterium_Launcher-purple) ![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Private_Beta-orange)



## What is the QML Minecraft Launcher?

The QML Minecraft Launcher will act as a testing "basic" application that functions as an easy-to-use & modify Minecraft launcher for **BUTR Studios** modpacks/clients such as [**Butterium**](https://modrinth.com/modpack/butterium).

## Roadmap

### **The Skeleton** 
- [ ] **Basic Window Setup**
- [ ] **Implement Sidebar & Tab Switching**
- [ ] **Basic Theming**

### **Main Functionality**
- [ ] **Ability to Start Minecraft**
- [ ] **Implement Instances (Navigation-Wise)**
- [ ] **Launch Button**
- [ ] **Create Instances List Menu**
- [ ] **Add Ability to Create & Delete Instances In-Client**
- [ ] **Give Instances the ability to be Pinned**
- [ ] **Download Functionality (Modrinth API Integration)**

### **Visual Cleanup**
- [ ] **Homepage setup… (Automatic Grabbing of Icon & Artwork Card for Background)
- [ ] **Theme Customization Page**

## Development Priorities
| Indicator | Level | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| ![P0](https://img.shields.io/badge/P0-Critical-red) | **Critical** | Core functionality required for the alpha release. |
| ![P1](https://img.shields.io/badge/P1-High-orange) | **High** | Important features to be added immediately after core stability. |
| ![P2](https://img.shields.io/badge/P2-Medium-yellow) | **Medium** | Quality of life improvements, UI design and secondary tools. |
| ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Low** | Polish, extra features, and "nice to haves". |

## Key Features
| Status | Priority | Feature | Description |
| :---: | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| ⬜ | ![P0](https://img.shields.io/badge/P0-Critical-red) | **Instanced Launching** | The user can install & modify multiple instances of Minecraft at once. |
| ⬜ | ![P1](https://img.shields.io/badge/P1-High-orange) | **Mod Installation** | Installing & toggling mods using the Modrinth API. |
| ⬜ | ![P2](https://img.shields.io/badge/P2-Medium-yellow) | **SpecEngine Integration** | Integration with SpecEngine and the Butterium modpack. |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **GitHub Integration** | Pull/push commits from developer forks of the main modpack. |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Customization Page** | • Skin Selector<br>• Themes<br>• BUTR Profile |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Discord RPC** | Showing the launcher status in Discord Rich Presence. |
| ⬜ | ![P3](https://img.shields.io/badge/P3-Low-green) | **Backup System** | Ability to reverse changes from the last 3 operations. |
